Add Embroider AMA to appearences (#2291)
mainmatter/mainmatter.com: src/appearances/2023-12-07-embroider-ama.md

---
title: "Embroider AMA with Ed Faulkner & Chris Manson"
image: "/assets/images/talks/2023-12-07-embereurope-2023-q4/embroider-ama.jpg"
url: https://youtu.be/aM0HQU_rPlU
media: video
channel: embereurope-q4-2023
---

Chris Manson and Ed Faulkner answered questions about Embroider and previewed

> the upcoming release, Vite support, at the AMA session from the last Ember
> Europe Meetup of 2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the upcoming release as well as Vite support, at the Q4 2023 Ember Europe meetup.
```
